everybody welcome back don't know what
the lion plays The Binding of Isaac
after birth plus here we are that's the
run we died on in the last episode I
guess I don't know why it says we can
continue actually because I definitely
like exited to lobby and maybe I did
maybe I just altai afford whatever I'm
not gonna redo that run because that
would be intellectually dishonest plus I
hated it let's try a little blue baby
green paw some blue baby on me that's
not really probably I mean it's not
necessarily super gross unless you take
it to its logical extreme but it's just
more non c'è I'm offended as a result
of the bit no okay so that's like the
probably the best Isaac play I will make
today to not die in that little section
right there let's uh let's play it cool
here we know what we're doing we gotta I
mean as blue baby spirit arts are
precious right so oh we gotta be very
careful we don't want to step on the
button blue baby greed is actually like
enjoyable partly because it's quite
difficult so sure maybe I shouldn't have
taken all the damage that I've taken so
far but it's almost like without getting
a damage upgrade or something of some
usefulness right off the bed we kind of
don't have too much of a choice in the
matter you know the chips are stacked
against us to a fairly large degree I
would say just to begin with here so I'm
just gonna try to kite the enemies you
know we're basically playing geometry
wars right now but it's it's like
algebra Wars cuz geometry wars is a
registered trademark of Bizarre
Creations a company that was later
purchased by Microsoft and then
shuttered like I don't know what these
look I'm not a businessman I am a
businessman let me handle my business
darn as Jays ed says but I don't know EA
a Microsoft RAC record studio does
something cool Bizarre Creations hey we
made a geometry wars retro evolved the
Project Gotham Racing Series what do you
want us to do Microsoft now that you
purchased us
they'll make we got a license James Bond
game coming out you guys want to work on
that what are you doing
have them make you know Project Gotham
Racing five don't just shut them down
when you're James Bond game thanks cuz
people are too savvy in the modern era
to buy a licensed game unless it's like
guaranteed to be good at it just same
thing you know we bought um we bought
Max's what should we do why don't you
ever make us SimCity that you know craps
on the legacy of the franchise you just
buy them haven't keep doing what they
were dislike to K buying Firaxis and
then being like okay the new
civilization game is gonna actually be
called sieve with friends oh that's BS
he was riding on top of the you side you
side he was riding on top of the thing I
didn't think he'd be able to move for a
second there maybe a foolish decision on
my part
I'll acquiesce Cuba meet not bad
we do need to live through this section
though I'm gonna make a little bit of a
bold play here and try something like
that okay so we broke even which is
about what I was expecting to be honest
we got a hard life ahead of us here I
would like to get skinny odd mushroom
but it's not even close to a guarantee
that that would be good for us we also
have no tinted rocks were in trouble
dude cuz this is like I have to fight
these guys before the next wave spawns
and we don't do enough damage to make
that happen I think this is a cursed run
that was a bit close there
like I think that maybe not maybe that's
not our game plan
we've only got two seconds until the
next wave shows up what are you supposed
to do dude okay so I'm not gonna hold
our forever but I would like to see like
some deal just a decent item here we're
going for progress on this one this is
not your standard run so becomes stardom
for a range upgrade get that trash out
of here I'm not starting for old bandage
an item that's actually useless as blue
baby no chance sure I'll tell you what
meet you my little NL it's slow you're
cheating here
not really meat is 0.61 damage increase
you may know point six one by it's earth
name zero you know if you're rounding it
that would become a zero obviously not
if you're following the traditional
rules of rounding but if you're
following the rules of rounding that I'm
setting up here 0.61 damage up is a zero
damage up an Isaac well it adds up
though yes so does you know grains of
sand add up to a beach you only need
about a quadrillion of them probably I
don't know how many grains of sand you
think there are on a beach is a grain of
sand one molecule of sand is sand like
you know three carbons one but that
wouldn't really work this is it four
carbons four hydrogen's no that's
methane I tricked you congratulations if
you said yes see me in my office because
you just flunked your organic chemistry
class you got to switch majors it is
giving us a leg up on the competition
though I also think we might have a leg
up on the competition because we're
fighting like much easier enemies this
time than we did last time I mean those
spiders are so sneaky got very lucky to
be against a little bit of a weaker
class of villain here I think not a
hundred percent like there's still some
still some jerks in the pool here but it
was much much easier we actually have
more HP than we had when we started our
last run at the end of that so lucky us
I to be honest with you I almost wanted
to just buy taro cloth straight out but
we should check our item room
it's not very good it's a very modest
helper
but I will say taro cloth is probably
worth taking here because there's so
many different wind conditions that you
can get as a result of having taro
cloths so I think for now champion rag
man not my ideal enemy to be facing no
just get him oh we got lucky I don't
like that this guy creates spiders when
his head dies because that it's just
gonna slow us down enough that we can't
maybe bounce him over and over but
managed to get through that and then we
got Duke of flies this is perfect du
Kiev he's got no problem written all
over his forehead like Jared Leto's
damaged tattoo in the 2016 film Suicide
Squad now
taro cloth leaves us with eight cents
assuming we don't get like a two of
diamonds or something like that but it
leaves us with eight cents what do you
do after that we could do a number of
different things we could buy a key we'd
probably wait till the next floor but
we'd get a key for our next item room so
we could start the next floor with two
items instead of one we could possibly
buy a spirit heart which I also think is
viable we could also go to the curse
room and then buy a spear at art to make
up the difference but let's see what we
start with your strength card if we're
gonna use a doubled strength card as a
result of taro cloth we should probably
wait until the next floor and then do
all the waves at once because it's kind
of like getting to magic mushes in fact
it might literally be getting to magic
mushes so we might as well take full
advantage of that even though this wave
you know there's no love loss for
fighting these enemies with our current
stats so the thing with greed mode is
that you know although greed once you
get some money is easier I think almost
every greed mode run tends to start a
little harder than your average regular
mode run like the curve I wish I had
like a camera on right now cuz the curve
for a regular run is like it starts
usually kind of medium
and then it gets a little bit easier
it's like a little it's the bunny hill
at a ski resort or something you know
you get on and it's like momentum just
carries you all the way down most of the
time we're all the way up sometimes and
yeah maybe there's some moguls on the
path but you can make it may be an ideal
deal with the devil there let's head
downwards and then green mode is like
it's the opposite like you start with
like a big little uphill you start with
a big little uphill you gotta climb up
that you gotta take the ski lift up and
then after that you know it's straight
down it's like a gorge or something all
right we get a spirit heart not worth
much what we got here uh again not not
worth a whole heck of a lot but we might
want skinny odd mushroom I'm gonna buy a
Kia gonna check our item room right off
the bat then I'm gonna use the strength
card shears just a lovely choice for
greed mode saves us an awful lot of
problems if I'm being straight up with
you and even like one greet or one
shears per floor is probably fine in
fact we've got a super cool like novelty
build the theme of this build is just
you know do all the waves without ever
checking it on the shop and I think it's
gonna be actually awesome you might
think and we might do this on some
floors like double shears right I think
it just costs us the ability to for sure
start with the shears available in the
next floor so if we're already doing
fine with one pair of shears I don't
necessarily think we need to go for
broke with the second one
no no foolin here shears and greed mode
is like an 11 out of 10 item I would
rather have shears than like Polyphemus
I think especially when you're starting
with a just a garbage spacebar item to
begin with like the poop which to this
day has defenders I don't understand it
but I'll defend to the death your right
to say it you get the sensor an item we
just unlocked and we got 15 cents here I
think we will go for it Sears upgrade
even at the cost of a little damage I
mean it doubles our rate of fire so how
can you not right and then honestly we
don't love any of these items and none
of them are on sale so my my greed mode
flowchart is telling me take it down to
the next floor and we'll kind of just
rinse and repeat here this has the
potential to be a pretty quick run and a
run on which I hope we can donate a
bunch of money as well I don't mind a
speed upgrade it's better than Oh at
least in my opinion is better than just
getting a random spirit heart at this
point we'd probably want champions Bell
I'm also gonna take pay to win which I
believe should give us doesn't this give
us uh a guaranteed reroll machine in
every item room maybe only if we have
the trinket when we when we go down to
the floor I don't know one of them also
and I forget which one it is one of the
trinkets though gives us item rooms on
the room I thought it was the dark
Prince's crown but in trinket form like
bloody crown I think it is actually so
maybe it gives us a reroll machine in
every shop either way I mean that's good
if we can guarantee that that will
actually happen no question I'm actually
gonna go double shears build here I
wanted you know we're early on it's
relatively risk-free let's test our
theory that we won't get a charge cuz if
we will get a charge you might as well
you know leave it all out on the table
here I think we're gonna be one shy of
getting a charge which is not that bad
we can just you know burn through one
wave
and then we'll have shears back but
worth keeping keeping an eye on I guess
we could also always buy another charge
for five cents but starts Amelia got
another deal with the devil I don't
really want to fight the angel statue
but I'm going to and my reasoning is
idiotic normally I'll you know you might
not have thought about it but I got a
pretty good idea for why we would do
this now this time I am a moron I'm
gonna do this so that we can use the
shears immediately on the next floor so
basically I'm choosing instead of
fighting a single wave of enemies that
might be like eight flies choosing to
fight an angel statue with less than
base damage albeit a much better rate of
fire is this guy immune to poison
forever because he got hit once a little
rude honestly either way one way or the
other he's going out might take some
time
we're gonna keep east though that it's
not like it's worth nothing we're also
gonna get to charge on the shears excuse
me I hear a cat give me a moment please
I don't like it when I go out there and
I just heard some noises I heard some
like and then I go out and the cancer
looking around like what us we didn't do
anything is that so
so like booger tears pretty okay won't
deny that I don't think we want anything
else here we're gonna ignore this just
save our money for the next floor your
sorries in a sack you know you might be
saying NL what are you doing this a was
room I think we should not go to the
curse room to begin the next floor and
then we should use the a walls room to
get out of the curse room and save half
a spirit heart oh this is exactly what I
thought it would be I honestly think we
take latchkey it's an HP upgrade it's a
little luck and it saves us from having
to spend a key to get in here which is
good because we got a game kid which is
pretty much garbage and then re rolled
it into tech point five which is
extremely good and we'll also take car
battery and I straight-up think that's
our end game now that we got car battery
we don't need to get anything else one
charge of the shears is gonna do all the
work we needed to do so at this point we
should either endeavor to find a way to
make more money or just save all or at
least almost all the money that we get
obviously like a two of diamonds or
something like that is extremely good we
don't even need blank cards two of
diamonds because we have Tarot cloths so
you get an outrageous amount of money
just the old-fashioned way
we should pretty much be good to go
that's what I mean like this run we
actually started pretty strongly with me
but uh these green mode runs tend to
start pretty difficult difficult leap
they start with some difficulty there
you go that's a better way to phrase
that but once you find the seam you just
pull on that thread until the whole
sweater unravels whereas in a regular
run you know that that same kind of
difficulty curve is true to some extent
I'm actually using this not as a
negative for greed mode I'm using it as
a positive because I think the general
consensus is that greed and greedier ah
you know they're like a little too easy
and you know that it seems like you get
chaos and guppy all the time and you're
like where's that where's the fun in in
Isaac if you know 100% that you're gonna
win that was just terrible on my part
I'm here to tell you greed mode with
some characters at least if you if
you're blue baby or you're like the
keeper or the lost you got to you got a
long road ahead of you potentially
you've got a short road followed by a
long hill but you know downhill slopes
can be dangerous man when you consider
the fact that you know if you don't have
like brakes on your rollerblades or
something you ever think about that
so I'm not gonna pick up any more damage
I actually don't think we need it what
we might need is is spirit hearts so we
can buy like a bunch of those before the
final boss fight if we need to but I
really really doubt that we will need to
so keep this ok so Jesus juice is damage
I'm not in the business of being picky
about that Samson's chain is garbage
don't donate too much but throw in a
couple rerolls here okay we can get good
cards this might be worth it a Hanged
Man it was not worth it at all
oh and a judgement card though but it's
also still pretty bad
yeah okay we'll take Apple and then in
here we really just want to donate so
we're saving our money right now
probably should use hangman there but I
doubt it'll be too much of an issue so
just play it cool cuz we're not quite at
like guaranteed win status we're closing
in on it I mean Jesus juice is a pretty
nice damage upgrade for us and I'll I
under 8 and over 8 this item
simultaneously it's one of those
situational ones is it a damage
multiplier because sometimes I pick it
up and I'm like this didn't affect me at
all more or less the HUD it kind of puts
a damper on that but puts a damper on
that erroneous line of reasoning is what
I mean to suggest sometimes I pick it up
and I go this is just like completely
change the game for us either way though
money's looking good you could probably
run like a a bit of mathematics and
determine what the like most likely
distribution of donations when you start
with 0 is like when when is it most
likely to break from 0 to 999
on average not the word very likely to
get 999 but you know what it's probably
just wise to go down there with 99 cents
and let the game you know it's this is
saying imagine the gathering is make
making habit which is you know in your
head you can start to overthink it like
Olaf use this card then blah blah blah
he has this card then blah blah blah but
you know there's a decent chance he
doesn't have that card and you're kind
of overthinking it so that's kind of the
principle I'm operating on right now
sure maybe the donation machine will
break well let's make it break let's
give it every conceivable chance to not
break it and work out in our favor here
so we're on the final floor you gotta
check this I'm sorry to tell you you got
to check it and we got 4 bombs so it
paid for itself
as long as that gave us a nickel which
it did and we got another nickel there
we have enough HP that I feel this is a
somewhat wise decision we've got another
nickel out of the golden hearts blow
this up spirit heart for the price of a
bomb which in this case was free so I
know it was it was five cents for four
bombs so the bomb was a buck 25 I think
it's a what one point two five cents
rather literally off by a factor of a
hundred is this like we exclusively
fight Green Stan shoes down here with it
this might be like the first time I've
just ever noticed that you exclusively
fight green statues down here it's been
a themed floor for the entire existence
of rebirth and I'm just noticing well
these aren't green statues they're like
green statues with armor on and these
are green statues in a snow suit and
these are green statues that fly but
have legs
I guess Envy is kind of like its it
looks like greed it's got kind of a
similar sort of face going on there the
troll passaic do you really only fight
like pseudo green type enemies here I'm
starting to have a theory a game theory
if you know what I mean
where the green statues go when they die
the don't go to the Cathedral where the
Isaacs fly they go to greet mode in the
shop and I see you again as I try to get
a million percent for the second time oh
I shouldn't have left then I was like an
extremely idiotic move was there a
battery charge in there and I'm gonna
I'm gonna roll the dice on this
regardless we need the battery charge
like without double shears I'm not sure
if we're gonna be able to beat regular
like the final boss regular super greed
as ridiculous as that sentence sounds
because there's like a super duper green
as well so we're at wool reroll of
necessary I mean we got the bombs for it
well reroll if necessary to get a
battery charge no matter what it costs
us it's kind of worth it finally
definitely like cannot take that you got
to give this run a little credit we've
made this work with like no help from a
deal with the devil whatsoever
we did get some deal with we got sensor
from the deal with the angel there's no
reroll machine so i am basically a moron
um well let's look for a good card then
the fool is not that card the son is not
that card death is not really that card
the fool is not that card two of
diamonds that's a great card i would
love to take that with us they here a
font is it like an amazing card so we
can go down to 24 cents without it being
bad temperance ace of clubs I mean we
could ace of clubs like down here grab
whatever we get two of diamonds gives us
a lot of wiggle room I really thought
there was a real machine in here that ID
we could use to grab a battery but um
well the other thing we could do is
forget the cards start snagging items
and I hope that these items give you the
keys to the kingdom the devil that's
that's the card we're looking for that
should work but I am basically an idiot
for uh yeah we're still not quite gonna
get it I'm basically an idiot for using
the shears especially considering that
was like our end game condition with a
double Devil card I think we might be
able to make it work regardless plus it
adds a little bit of a little certain
junus a quat towards the end of the
video you know like anything could
happen we'll probably still win it's a
fairly strong run can we leave after we
fight that guy I'm not gonna worry I
would rather leave this 25 cents here
and not be able to get it but have a
chance to donate 25 leave grab it and
come back in we're effectively our
opportunity cost is like 5 cents right
now and we could gain 5 cents on this
fight pretty easily
so I think it's much more in our
interest to try to don't do it it's much
more in our interest to try to make this
work as is
well we got a luck upgrade for it
considering Tech X I don't think we need
to murder those guys necessarily but we
will nonetheless cuz it's it's actually
getting pretty hot and we're doing a
terrible job of fighting greed here it
is just like not particularly going that
well we're gonna win I mean we just
we've stacked up enough HP that a loss
is extremely unlikely but whatever dude
I'll fight the statutes I think we got
it we got to kill the source as soon as
possible you ever played gauntlet
Legends you got to kill the spawners
before you kill the mobs you kill the
the monsters that are guarding the
spawner then you kill the spawner then
you kill the riffraff it's there's a
basic flowchart that you follow you're
executing an enemy destroying algorithm
otherwise you could be fighting that
these little greed statues all day you
know not in the interest of doing that
you got to cut off the head of the snake
thank you for not being ipecac shots
okay I've decided to revise my previous
plan I think it is wise to attack the
keys because every key you kill saves
you about 15 shots against these enemies
that spawn all right yeah yeah thanks
for the chance of redemption I
appreciate it don't want to end up
cartoon in a cartoon graveyard greed
mode greed mony
no key oh my god you just turned me into
a cell phone company from Finland cuz I
went no kiesza Nokia I think like 80% of
the damage I've done the super greed I
haven't even noticed it's been tech X
damage while I've been farming other
garbage no keys please okay hearts dude
young hearts spark fire but your hearts
spark ire
I'm not interested in dealing with your
self-healing ways good sir I can out
damage you I've got a double devil card
and an oyster card for the double-decker
bus
you have been slain you just do not
realize it yet look at the shade of red
you are dude gotta take that blood
pressure medication you're gonna go
through arthrosclerosis crack dice is a
great pick up for us here we got a zero
percent chance to break the Machine I'm
assuming maybe like six hundred cents
might give us an on lock but I doubt it
will 750s like the next milestone I'd
feel comfortable guessing we can't leave
so we did lose a little bit of money but
we know that for the future now nothing
the other thick so I'll get an on luck I
mean it is that sort of video game I
don't know why I switch to this voice
what are you doing Susan vouching Family
Guy gotta add a little style and panache
here you know I had to do it to him
there we go alright one percent chance
of breakin percent so I think that gives
us a little bit more than a 5% chance
considering we started at like 25 cents
and the percentage chance is going up
behind the scenes right now I think with
the regardless of our knowledge of it
let's get the heck out of there we got
to 658 pretty good greed mode is like
closing in on completion for now thanks
for watching hope you enjoyed the
episode if you did click the like button
upside a great deal of course subscribe
if you wanna see more in the future but
for now thanks for watching and I will
see you next time